you are more flexible than you think you
are so here's how you can put a little
bit more depth into touching your toes
this is a temporary increase and if you
want to keep it you'll have to stretch
regularly first see how low you can go
and memorize it instead of just rounding
your back start by flattening it all the
way out and then reach as low as you can
remember only you know where your limit
is you'll feel an insane stretch and if
you give it behind your knees or in the
bottoms of your feet it's because your
nerves are learning how to floss through
the muscles in your body you can bend
one knee feel the stretch deep in the
opposite side then straighten the other
leg out and then repeat on the other
side all the single legs these are
called elephant walks and if you do 30
of these reps you'll feel a huge
difference about a week ago and I
honestly think you'll be pleasantly
surprised with the results my eventual
goal is head to toe these are both
exercises found in my hamstring
flexibility ebook I hope free is okay
stay Flexi